Hi guys it's that moment in the podcast where we try to vlog you loads of stuff that we've
written or recorded or made with our own bare hands but we're not going to do that this
time because it's Christmas day so all we're going to say is Merry Christmas.
But the Amazon so we'll be on now and we know we just want to say thank you to the listeners
for listening in for the last two years all your downloads all your listens all your messages
we just we just want to say thanks and Merry Christmas to everyone but Jesus would have bought
our books. No I'm saying. Andy no. On with the show.
Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast
coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden my name is Dan Shriver I'm sitting here
with Anich Zinsky James Harkin and Andy Murray and once again we've gathered around the microphone
this time with our four favorite Christmas facts because this is our Christmas day special
and so in no particular order here we go starting with you James Harkin okay my fact this week
is that the oldest turkey in the UK is called dinner that's great and yet so cruel how old is he she
it's a he and he is at least 16 years old okay and they know that because for 16 years they
haven't eaten to do it does it get to a point where a bird is too old to eat you could eat it but I
think birds tend to be nicer when they're younger right yeah because usually we eat turkeys when
they're about really young right 12 weeks old chicken's especially very young indeed yeah yeah
they just fatten them up straight away and kill them very Christmas everyone this um this on the farm
that dinner lives there's a farmer called mr. Guy who sort of manages the farm and he believes
that dinner has lived so long because he's got a girlfriend a turkey girlfriend not a human and he
said he's got a girlfriend about five years ago and it seems to have given him a new lease of life
he's certainly become a bit more of a show off wow how old is she it doesn't say I think it's a bit of
younger than younger than younger lady yeah I think isn't she also the only other female turkey
on the farm I think it sounds wow and she's gone for the old guy the oldest tensioner it was either
an old guy or a chicken I think I reckon that her choices were pretty slim they did say that one
other reason for his longevity is due to him being too aggressive to catch you know there were so
turkey hunting is a thing and turkey calling is a thing in America isn't it and they have they
have this with a bunch of bird hunters actually but there I think turkeys can make 28 different
distinct sounds with their voices that mean different things they basically have a vocabulary of
2028 and turkey then you said it really impressed at that very large vocabulary I'm just wondering
what so do you know what the words are there's a per they do a soft per they gobble in various ways
to attract attention they've got gradations of alarm cool so I think a certain type of gobble is
sort of a I think there's a bit of danger around but don't freak out too much if you're midmeal
and then there's a different sound that says really guys get the hell out of here we're in trouble
and people who hunt turkeys impersonate them and it's a real skill if you go online there's a
in fact I read a website online this morning that said something like 20 reasons why you continually
fail to attract turkey with your turkey calling and then a list of reasons where people completely
screw up turkey calls I was reading about turkey wishbones oh yeah so turkeys are related people think
to dinosaurs yeah and if you look at the skeleton of a dinosaur yeah they have wishbones so imagine
yeah t-rex sized wishbones god and do we know if they broke them over dinner I'd love
yeah good nose but time travel is of the future when they go back yeah thanks giving at Jurassic times
that's very cool yeah um you know the thing about um sparing turkeys so the president every
year spares a turkey oh yeah yeah of all the turkeys that president abama has freed only one has
lived past its second birthday because of the farming practices which mean they have very short
lifespans now yeah the last the last two that they pardoned do you know the names no mac and cheese
so mac and cheese I got pardoned and um they got to stay in a $350 a night sweet
night before they were pardoned did they enjoy that well I don't know but the hotel broke the
rules for them because there's usually a requirement that any pet over 40 pounds is not
allowed to stay and they were 50 pounds each so wow yeah let's hope they stayed it because some rules
were bent why is everyone naming turkeys after food it's so mean yeah I know well they are called
turkey to be fair and they are named after a food already and do you know what their Latin name
means the Latin name that lineas gave them in 1758 is meleagris galapavo galapavo which means
guineafowl chicken peacock chicken peacock and I was just hedging his bet yeah I was reading the
economist thing about it and it said it was wrong five different ways so why is it called turkey
like the the animal of the country because when we thought it was from turkey when they were
brought over they were brought over by Arab traders who and at the time we just thought all
traders from that part of the world swore allegiance to the Ottoman Empire and the capital of that
was in turkey okay so we just thought yeah Middle East and equals turkeys yeah okay actually
something that we did do because we were so ignorant about where they'd come from when we decided to
go back and properly colonize America in the early 1700s we brought a whole bunch of turkeys with us
on our ships not we the people who were going to colonize to Jamestown brought a bunch of turkeys
from Britain to America say we better bring these turkeys so we can farm them in America and they
got off the boat at the other end and we're like there's places full of turkeys guys that was a
waste of space and so farmers used to walk their turkeys to London all the way from Norfolk because
that's where you know turkey farming really took off and was still there today obviously and it
would take months to get them along because they walk quite slowly they're walking about one mile an
hour and so frustrated in the weeks before in the week leading up to Christmas in the 18th and 19th
centuries all the roots into London would just be clogged up with traffic with the use of turkeys
walking along and the thing is it's such a long journey they're not meant to walk long distances
or they'd not really built for it so they had to have special little shoes made for them really
yeah wow they would show them have you seen the shoes did they not like put tar on their feet
that is what they did with geese because geese refused to wear shoes and that's apparently
there's a saying to show a goose means something really really difficult to do really it's like
showing a goose so they dipped their feet in tar and then they covered them in sand to give them
some protection but the turkeys they didn't do that no can they do a thing about old things
yeah yeah okay so there's an article in 2010 with Britain's oldest man they asked him what his
secret for a long life is and he said he has five secrets but he could only remember four of them
he said good friends a religion looking for the best in people and being a vegetarian there's one
other but I can't remember what it was actually I also found the elixir of life 200 years ago
yeah I always forget that one do you have more stuff should we move on to our next facts
can I just tell a quite a quick funny turkey story about pet turkey yeah sure um so this is about
a pet turkey that went missing it's quite a happy Christmas tale okay um a pet turkey that went
missing for 10 days and then returned to its owner it was called Bernard again after Bernard Matthews
because we only named turkeys after we eat them um and it was kept as a pet by this family it was
taken by a fox so there was a trail of feathers and blood and stuff left in this woman's garden
so she said oh bugger so obviously a goner um turned out he'd escaped from the fox himself and he'd
turned up like all beaten and battered at someone else's door and this other person had taken him in
in a nearby village and looked after him for a bit and then after four or five days he ran away
from her shared again and ran and someone else found him he was attacked by a dog and the owner of
that dog rescued him and took him in again and then she put out a Facebook thing I think and the
original owner was like oh that's my turkey you've got my turkey by the time she'd shown up the
turkey had run away again to a different person's farm and eventually this different person put a
message up on Facebook going think I got your turkey mate and 10 days of just all of a twisting it
from one house to the other it turned up back at home that's nice that's a great story to end up
on the on the dinner table how to know how to escape the fox in the first place me too turkey versus
fox I feel like I know how that goes most of the time it's pretty big though you know okay yeah
yeah they sat on it they flap and you kick and yeah they can be dangerous okay they've been
described as fluffy velociraptors they've been described by you just now just the last thing they
said about this turkey dinner one of the things they said was he normally keeps himself to himself
that's the sort of thing you normally say about the serial killers 20 dead foxes
okay time for our second fact and that is Chazinski my fact this week is that
Kerry Grant and Clark Gabel used to meet up once year around Christmas to exchange unwanted
monogrammed gifts they'd received so good it's so amazing I really hope that Jeremy Corbyn and Jeremy
Clarkson have the same arrangement so I can't take credit for finding this this was sent in by
another QI researcher called Lauren Gilbert but she has given me permission to mention it out loud
on this podcast so I am because it's so amazing yeah that's incredible and it just came out
in this interview I think it was an interview with Clark Gabel and he said they'd call each other up
after Christmas and Clark would say did you get any any gifts for your initials on your don't want
and if he had I'd immediately rush around to his house and claim them as my own and we do a swap
fantastic yeah I find them really confusing it's but I mean they're very similar in a lot of ways
to go around and Clark Gabel aren't they yeah yeah big claim there oh yeah I'm only confused because
I did all the research for them I forgot to put their names into each fact I had to re-research
everything to work out which one is Gabel did you just put CG for each one yeah you made the same
mistake a lot of other people that made they were both married five times which since that's
an unusual number of times to be married it is quite a coincidence everything yeah wow the most
swap wives they did swap monograms happy fifth divorce cards um carry grand uh actually weirdly
is quite responsible for a lot of pop culture without probably him knowing it so it's said that a
large part of James Bond the character was based on carry grand yeah in Fleming was a big carry grant
fan and Christopher Reeves said that he based a lot of his performance as Superman on carry grand
apparently he turned down the role of James Bond I'm not sure to what extent that's true but he
according to the story he was 58 at the time and he thought that's a bit old to be playing this sort
of relatively young spy not something that's held back other he wants got a terrier and he named
it after his own birth name because he was born Archibald Leach and he got a terrier called Archibald
and he called it Archibald Leach he should have called it Archibald Leach yes um carry grand
also started the English muffin lover's society yeah um he was staying at a Hilton hotel in Istanbul
and he only got one and a half English muffins for his breakfast and so he wrote to Conrad Hilton saying
was my extra half muffin and they apparently done it as a kind of cost saving because most people
only had three quarters of their muffin halves but then he said no I want to and they changed the
rules and then he said in the future if anyone ever got only one and a half muffins for their breakfast
then they could become a member of his club wow I would just wonder where my where the second half
of the second muffin had gone goes on someone else's play I understand that but I would go on the
cafe trying to match up my other half with someone else yes and that could end up being the love of your
life or something yeah yeah that would be a bit like Kelly Hilda Brunt who in 2009 married Kelly Hilda
Brunt wow they met each other on Facebook found out they had the same name met each other in real life
and then got married well just just because they have the same name they thought that's enough I don't
like you at all I find you repulsive but you have at least one thing in common Clark Gable said one of
the most famous lines in movie history which is from Gone with the Wind and the line being frankly
my dear I don't give a damn okay so there was a rumor that they were they were fine for saying damn
at the time and no one is quite sure that that's true but they do have scripts of alternative lines
that they had before they had that line and you can read them and so these are a few frankly my dear
I just don't care frankly my dear it makes my gorge rise better federal Senator frankly my dear I
don't give a hoot frankly my dear my indifference is boundless oh that's a nice one is it
yeah it's kind of fun afternoon coming up with all those lines yeah yeah yeah it also had very
different names during the draft of the book when it was being written I don't know if we've
mentioned this before not in our stars and this is a weird one blah blah black sheep yeah one of
the versions of the titles was blah blah black sheep typical of the draft gone with the draft
do you know how Kerry got his stage name because as I said he was originally called Archibald Leach
no and he was a he was an acrobat as a child and he was and he was and he was that's partly why he was
so good at physical comedy it's because he from the age of about five or six he'd be walking on
stills he'd be doing trapeze stuff um when he went for screen tests in America somebody said to him
Archie just doesn't sound right in America and he replied it doesn't sound particularly right in
Brittany so they went through a load of names and he was almost going to be Kerry Lockwood but then
the studio executives didn't quite like Lockwood either and someone in this meeting just started
reading out a list of names and when they got a grant he said that's all right did he say that's
all right because he was like I heard Clark Gable gets a lot of really desirable monochrome
that's gonna work for me he used to do a lot of LSD oh yeah yeah Kerry Grant now he wasn't doing it
totally recreationally it was a medical thing doctors were trying to combat his depression and
all sorts of I think it was a cure for him was it just impotence I mean he took a hundred courses
at least of LSD isn't it true that Timothy Larry who's like the great god of LSD he decided to do it
because he knew that Kerry Grant did it really really that's right yeah Wow Groucho Marx did it as well
did he yeah it was 78 this guy Paul Krasner who's a he's a writer um says that he did it with Groucho
Marx and weirdly I've spoken to a lot of people who knew Groucho Marx who said that they don't think
it's true but this guy has a really vivid account and he Groucho Marx turns out to be a collective
yeah psychosis okay time for our next fact and that is Andrew Hunter Murray so my fact this
week is that when it gets really cold Christmas trees can turn to glass
bullshit that's true we've been doing 90 episodes this is the first time you decided to
respond sort of facts in that way and as to one of mine I'm living it's the first time I've
thought of that is completely ridiculous okay I will explain yeah so lots of Christmas trees as in
coniferous trees ever greens you know whether there's bruises or furs whatever they are they live
in forest where temperatures get really really cold as in minus 60 degrees sometimes so that's a
massive problem for organisms because if you have cells and the water in your cells freezes into
ice crystals they can burst through the walls of the cells and cause massive damage do whatever
to an animal or to a tree or whatever it might be so trees have this incredibly clever thing they
turn to glass I want to say glass I don't mean glass is in a glass of something like silica which
is what that's made of the molecules all freeze into this sort of glassy state where they don't move
around yeah so it's a state of matter is glass yeah exactly it's not quite a liquid and not quite a
solid yeah so the christ the atoms can move around a little bit but they they're not kind of fluid
like liquid but they're not really really stuck together like a solid yeah so it's sort of preemptive
going into a frozen mode except without that freezing without the ice crystals but so after we're
to unglasses itself yeah and becomes a normal tree again yeah yeah that's that's crazy it's pretty
cool yeah yeah that's amazing there are some animals that do similar things aren't they
what tade grade which is have we ever spoken about tade grades on this like one of our favorite animals
at QI aren't they and these are little tiny things also called water bears which can survive massive
heat really really cold temperatures radiation they can survive all sorts they can go into space
and still live and one way that they survive very cold temperatures is they get rid of almost all
of the water in their cells and they kind of turn their cells into an almost kind of glassy
state wow and this kind of glassy state is something that hasn't really been seen much in nature
or anywhere else and they think they might be able to make new kinds of glass by studying it
very cool they are amazing tade grades maybe that's the fifth secret of how to live for a really
long time is the no water just dry yourself into a husk yeah have we ever talked about the frog
before who when it gets I think we have on this book I haven't we what kind of frog is it where
when it gets really cold it just frees is solid and you assume it's dead because it can do that
with the mud frog yes and then it can just thought in summer it turns into like a little frog sickle
wow and it has it has anti-freeze in its blood and so it stops its blood from freezing
really really really cold temperatures there are some fish which have anti-freeze in their blood
because they're swimming in water which is sub zero temperatures is that right
because it and the water isn't frozen because it's got salt in it I think that's right
and so if they're swimming around in the Arctic then that's how they do that don't it's either
crocodiles or alligators when it becomes to a point where a river or lake or whatever is going to
freeze over they stick their head near the surface and they let the they let it freeze over their head
except for their nostrils which are sticking out so that they can still breathe and survive but
they effectively hibernate with a block of ice around their head and their body just flowing in
the water below wow have I made that up it does sound like a made up thing I really think it's true
it might be true if that is true that's incredible and if it's not then that's not surprising
well you don't call bullshit on his stuff but you'd be saying it non-stop too every time
my day ever so yeah I've only got so much breath
in Antarctica I was looking into their Christmas tree and they obviously don't have a tree there
so they created a tree which is made out of rubbish bits it's all iron bars and so on so it's in
the shape of a Christmas tree which looks really nice and I started looking into Christmas day they're
generally things like they often get quite drunk and they have a challenge whereby they have to get
as many Christmas hats onto penguins as possible yeah that's what they get drunk on eggnog and the
the challenges you have to using as many little Christmas hats get them onto as many penguins
and the most penguins you get them on you win the competition right yeah and also they don't have
mistletoe there so what they do instead is they hang a fish's head up and you're meant to kiss
under that very romantic image of a stinky rotting but mistletoe comes from the German for
dungstick so it's not that romantic in itself that's James's opening line when he catches anyone
under it well did you know that's a juster's line to kiss me under the dungstick
there was a thing Christmas tree is always used to catch on fire because before electric
lights you just stuck candles on the ends of the branches and obviously that's an enormous
fire risk and that lots of people died in Christmas tree fires yeah but as a result loads of people
in the 19th century especially patented fire extinguishing systems which you can then attach to your tree
oh wow so there's a hose running all the way up the trunk and you just sort of secret at the
enemy there's instead of a star at the top all the star is actually a sprinkler in the shape of a
star so when the tree catches fire it's just that's a great idea yeah that happens to my Christmas tree
when you really yeah we came out after we told Santa who had just been and my grandfather accidentally
knocked a candle onto the tree and the whole thing went up as we came out to get our presents and oh my
gosh it was a hard moment yeah was it did it properly burn it it was good it would ruin Christmas oh
it did it was yeah it was petrifying well that's not petrifying that's a completely different thing
that happens to you here's something I it's quite a scary little image that I had never heard of
tarantulas live in Christmas trees oh yeah yeah but not the big home alone guys yeah it's the
tiniest of all the tarantulas and they're only a quarter of a centimeter in length so yeah it's
in Siberia didn't they used to decorate trees in Germanic countries with little kind of spiders
Christmas spiders and spider webs in Ukraine I think they still do that yeah Christmas spider yeah
very festive one thing that you get a lot in the newspapers every year is this is the worst
Christmas tree in Britain I all love that story there's a few this year there's one in stockpot
where the locals have said it's the worst Christmas tree in Britain one resident says it's a
disgusting tree that looks like it was found in a tip and the other one is in Kempsten in Bevfordshire
which apparently is so weedy it has to be propped up by a lab post but I just love these stories
because you just see them and they're just like the weedyest rubbishest tree yeah but it's not as
bad as one there's one in Neuabersk in Russia and the locals have demanded that they remove it because
it has been nicknamed the penis fair because it has an extremely bulbous bottom and a shaft
like top one local said let's be honest it looks more like a penis than a Christmas tree which I've
seen it and I think that guy needs to see a doctor I call it my Christmas tree-ness
the presents are on the place the presents are my balls all the way that year that it set a light was
pretty unfortunately it does have a sprinkler system ready installed at the top
okay time for a final fact of the show and that is my fact my fact this week is that one of the contenders
for this year's Christmas charts is a prog rock album by Pope Francis yeah if you listen to it
I have I've listened to the whole album it's weird isn't it it's amazing the opening track sounds
like a pink Floyd track yeah it's got all these amazing noises is that a Newtio Vobis Gordium Magnum
yes that it is yeah yeah that means we announce with great joy or we announce with joy Magnum
campaign but it's the words that you use when you announce a new pope okay right that word comes
from so the the background of this album is that they've taken speeches that the pope has made
over the course of his tenure and he's been it's usually you can hear the applause of crowds when
he starts speaking but they've hired an incredible team to make this prog rock meets just slash metal
it's it's an amazing album full of incredible slash metal it's there's shredding on it there is
shredding guitar particularly if you listen to the single that he released which is the title of
the album wake up go go forward that's the that's the title of the single now check this out according
to a number of sources this cannot be true but the title track which has been released as a single
has been downloaded over a billion times a billion well there are more than a billion Catholics
in the world their eye looked into this and according to the Guinness World Records the best
selling single worldwide is white Christmas by Bing Crosby with 50 million copies oh okay yeah
so 50 million to a billion is quite well is the pope just is he just sitting there in the Vatican
constantly down there yeah if you got a billion downloads you could probably afford to build another
Vatican like a really classy one this time I do you think it's cost that's stopping them from building a
um so I read an article about a formula for the ultimate Christmas single oh yeah it's obviously
always a bit dubious and it's from about 10 years ago it's from 2004 it's on the BBC and I don't
know how many of these boxes the pope's album ticks okay but apparently the recipe includes a
reference to father Christmas slave bells a children's choir and a charity element okay okay so
charity element tick yeah there's a charity element I'm sure okay well also the song should include
Christmas in the title wishes for peace on earth it's probably got those and lots of airplay at
office parties well at the QI Christmas party I could guarantee there's going to be Pope Francis and
rock it out it's true we downloaded it a billion times you said that he might have been on you know
iTunes just constantly downloading his song he's never been on the internet in his life so he
didn't do that really he does have 20 million Twitter followers despite never having been on the
internet we've got two accounts as well right one in Latin and one in English you might even have
a few more than that but yeah 20 million wow that's impressive for someone who's never even turned up
he's never watched TV since 1990 after making a promise to the Virgin Mary so he wouldn't have seen
loads of episodes of catchphrase that's terrible he's probably waiting for the box
a few years ago didn't two minutes silence get into the top 20 into the charts I think in 2010 um on
November 11th the two minutes silence was in the top 20 really really
single yeah weird it was the Royal British Legion um it was way it was them in particular being silent
there was those people in particular being silent I mean we've got no evidence it was them because
it was just silence but they promised us when we downloaded the album because that always puts me
in mind of the famous John Cage 4 minutes 33 which everyone thinks is silence but isn't really
it's ambient noise you always have to have an orchestra they're not playing and you need an audience
there and it's the kind of little kind of cough and a little fart and a little kind of giggle that's
never going to come to it speaking of weird singles that were unexpected hits yeah um the the singing
dogs which was released in the 1950s and I think it reached number 22 in the singles charts but it
was really sold over a million copies in its first year anyway so the idea came from this Danish
recording engineer called Carl Weissmann and he was his job was actually recording bird sounds and he
kept getting annoyed because dogs kept I don't know why he was keeping dogs in the studio but dogs kept
on barking and getting in the way of his recordings and then he thought actually I could put this
to music and make them sing and if you look up the singing dogs it was a hit at the time and it's
so good they sing jingle bells there's five dogs they were stars yeah I've heard it it's really good
so good I mean it's okay I'm only downloaded it 900 believe this is completely off topics
I'll mention it later but just while we're on Christmas because I'm gonna have another year
until I can mention this yeah I read an article last weekend about a Santa school that's being run
is the world's largest Santa school okay it's called the International University of Santa Claus
set in America as a guy called Tim Conahan who runs it and his the curriculum includes wardrobe
posing techniques answering difficult questions knowing the current toys and your ho ho ho's
and if you do one course you get a bachelor of Santa Clausology if you do two you get a master's
of Santa Clausology and if you do more and you do a dissertation then you get your doctorate
of Santa Clausology you don't get a whole whole whole level oh any cracker manufacturers you
can have that one yeah that's very cool as anyone heard the 1980s album by Anthony Daniels who played
C3PO oh no that was Christmas album it includes songs such as what can you get a wucky for Christmas
when he already owns a comb that's a great title yeah and R2D2 we wish you a merry
Christmas is another one but this is a weird thing there is a very famous rock star and this album
was the first time he was on anything oh can you guess who it is Brian ferry no Brian Adams what year
what year were we talking 1980 1980 John Bon Jovi correct no what I don't know I just went for
an eighties yeah amazing the first his first ever recording on anything was on this R2D2 C3PO
Christmas album that's amazing yeah and that springboard at his career did it that's weirdly he did
because the actors who played R2D2 and C3PO hated each other didn't they no yeah I think they really
hated each other and so they obviously set that aside in order to so you know when they're going
beep beep beep is that like swearing they actually the beep beeps was just it was originally normal
language and they just had to beep over everything they said so do you know the first number one
single that was banned was it was it the blobby mr blobby christmas single what do you mean band
sorry do you know the first time that the BBC I mean band by the BBC and the BBC wouldn't play
a lax by Frankie goes to Hollywood it wasn't although that was banned it was jeton which no one
was is it a very christmasy yeah it's not christmasy yeah I don't think those are the grounds
of which they banned it that it is not christmasy enough I'm not letting people listen to this
even though it's released in the middle of the year it's still big it should have a few slave bells
but yeah and apparently the Vatican hated it it was denounced by the Vatican there were rumors
at the time that the Pope had excommunicated people who bought it everyone in italy who'd bought
the single because it was so rude and then I think it was Jane Birkin wasn't it who sang it and
she said that the Pope had been her greatest PR man because obviously that made it super popular
yeah that's probably the best thing that can ever happen to a song yeah big band by the Pope yeah
that's amazing any word on whether the Pope likes no such things a bit just one more thing on Pope
Francis that I really like have you guys heard of the politician Bob Brady in America so Pope Francis
visited America and he did a speech and while he was on stage he drank from a glass of water
and put it back down and as the Pope is leaving Bob Brady jumped on to stage and grabbed the glass
of water and he started taking photos of himself drinking from the glass that the Pope had drunk from
and he was really open about it saying that he was going to keep the holy water because he said this
is holy water and that he was going to use it for the blessing of his grandchildren when they were
when they were born and people pointed out to him that just because the Pope drank it it doesn't
necessarily mean that he's blessed the liquid so it's not technically holy water so that implies
that every Catholic church which has holy water in the font of whatever has had the Pope come and
it's all people back washed but yeah Bob Brady go online and look at the photos there hilarious and
he's just so he doesn't care that he does it he's not embarrassed by it at all he offers to pay
for the glass he offers to pay for the glass he's wrote to them said I'll obviously yeah but we
know the Pope can pay for a glass because he's had a billion downloads so they should call that
scandal watergate shouldn't it another one for the cracker by your face
all right that's it that's all of our Christmas facts thank you so much for listening if you'd like
to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course of this podcast you
can do so by getting us on our Twitter accounts I'm on at Shriberland Andy at Andrew Hunter M James
at EBC and Chazinski you can email podcast.ky.com yep you can also go to know such things at fish.com
our website where we have all of our previous episodes and have a Merry Christmas have a happy new year
we'll see you in 2016 goodbye